 ______                            
(, /    ) ,              /)        
  /    /    _   _____  _(/  _  __  
_/___ /__(_/_)_(_)/ (_(_(__(/_/ (_ 
(_/___ /   


http://www.sabidurias.com/tags/desorden/es/2148 
http://www.citasyrefranes.com/vuestras/buscar/desorden
http://en.thinkexist.com/search/searchquotation.asp?search=disorder&order=lenght-asc

[Lao Tzu] Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline; 
simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness postulates 
strength. 

[Richard J. Daley] The policeman isn't there to create disorder; 
the policeman is there to preserve disorder. 

[Paul Valery] Two dangers constantly threaten the world: order 
and disorder. 

[John Ruskin] Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect 
order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder. 

[William Kelly] The idea is that where disorder occurs ... that 
sends the message that this area is not being monitored. 

[Peter F. Drucker] The only things that evolve by themselves in 
an organization are disorder, friction, and malperformance 

[Napoleon Bonaparte] Order marches with weighty and measured 
strides; disorder is always in a hurry. 

[Marcus Tullius Cicero] In a disordered mind, as in a disordered 
body, soundness of health is impossible. 

[Jacqui Smith] Pain or discomfort caused by upper limb disorders 
can lead to more sick days and low motivation. 

[Hesiod] It is best to do things systematically, since we are 
only humans, and disorder is our worst enemy. 

[Tracy Kidder] Curing yourself of obsessive compulsive disorder 
by going to a strip club is pretty strange. 

[Emily Carr] Perfectly ordered disorder designed with a 
helter-skelter magnificence. 

[Carl Gustav] All religions are therapies for the sorrows and 
disorders of the soul. 

[Mike Ramsey] It makes you think that whoever wrote it has a 
nervous disorder. 

[William S. Paley] There's a certain amount of disorder that has 
to be reorganized. 

[Oliver Pell] Optimism is a psychological disorder exhibited by 
those out of touch with reality 

[Eliphas Levi] Order is never observed; it is disorder that 
attracts attention because it is awkward and intrusive. 

[Cyril Connolly] Our memories are card indexes consulted and then 
returned in disorder by authorities whom we do not control. 

[De La Tour] In love, as in everything else, experience is a 
physician who never comes until after the disorder is cured 

------- 

[Superedu] Nunca hubo tanto desorden en mi vida, como desde el 
día en que compré mi ordenador 

[Paul Claudel] El orden es el placer de la razón pero el desorden 
es la delicia de la imaginación. 

[Otto von Bismark] Cuídate de los que sólo ven desorden en el 
ruido y paz en el silencio. 

[Jacques Benigne Bossuet] El mayor desorden de la mente consiste 
en creer que las cosas son de cierta manera, porque nosotros 
deseamos que asi sean. 

  _____  _                   _           
 |  __ \(_)                 | |             
 | |  | |_ ___  ___  _ __ __| | ___ _ __    
 | |  | | / __|/ _ \| '__/ _` |/ _ \ '__|   
 | |__| | \__ \ (_) | | | (_| |  __/ |      
 |_____/|_|___/\___/|_|  \__,_|\___|_|      

 
 